README.md, before:

# Musicpy:

Willing to program something in python?
Understanding what HTML & CSS do in a browser?
Maybe someone told you about Python and all the wonderful things you can do.
You heard about APIs, backend and frontend, client-server ... but still no clue?
Learn the magic spells and become a snake charmer

## Introduction

This project aims to teach you the very basics of developing a web app with Python, HTML and CSS and JS.
Understanding the basics of what happens in a browser and how the user (client) interacts with the backend (server) side.

### What do you need?

* Little understanding of programming
* A lot of passion and dedication


### What is this?

* Learn by reading and writing
* Guide to understand the basics of a web application
* Guide to control the basics of programming tools to make a web application with python


### What is not?

* From scratch python, html, css or javascript course


First let's make sure you have several things installed and you know what they are.
Can be a bit overwhelming in the beggining but put a bit of faith and at some time all will match.
Remember the first time you picked a pencil and tried to write?

Your set of tools for this trip:

- Python [source](https://www.python.org/)
- Git [source](https://git-scm.com/)
- Browser [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser)

## Content

1. Introduction
2. What am I developing?
3. Mise en place
4. Drafting
5. Displaying in the browser
6. Storing things
7.

TODO

## Bibliography

- Python Crash
  Course
  [ebook](https://github.com/classicemi/ebooks/blob/master/Python%20Crash%20Course.pdf)

- Client - Server: [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Client%E2%80%93server_model)

- Discogs API [reference](https://www.discogs.com/developers/)

Commit message:

Added web begginers codeschool guide

README.md, after:

# Musicpy:

Willing to program something in python?
Understanding what HTML & CSS do in a browser?
Maybe someone told you about Python and all the wonderful things you can do.
You heard about APIs, backend and frontend, client-server ... but still no clue?
Learn the magic spells and become a snake charmer

## Introduction [TODO]

This project aims to teach you the very basics of developing a web app with Python, HTML and CSS and JS.
Understanding the basics of what happens in a browser and how the user (client) interacts with the backend (server) side.

### What do you need?

* Little understanding of programming
* A lot of passion and dedication


### What is this?

* Learn by reading and writing
* Guide to understand the basics of a web application
* Guide to control the basics of programming tools to make a web application with python


### What is not?

* From scratch python, html, css or javascript course


First let's make sure you have several things installed and you know what they are.
Can be a bit overwhelming in the beggining but put a bit of faith and at some time all will match.
Remember the first time you picked a pencil and tried to write?

Your set of tools for this trip:

- Python [source](https://www.python.org/)
- Git [source](https://git-scm.com/)
- Browser [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser)

## Content [ TODO]

1. Introduction
2. What am I developing?
3. Mise en place
4. Drafting
5. Displaying in the browser
6. Storing things
7. Retrieving data from the internet



## Bibliography [TODO]

- Python Crash
  Course
  [ebook](https://github.com/classicemi/ebooks/blob/master/Python%20Crash%20Course.pdf)

- Client - Server: [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Client%E2%80%93server_model)

- Discogs API [reference](https://www.discogs.com/developers/)

- Codeschool WEB Development Begginers Guide [PDF](http://courseware.codeschool.com/beginners_guide/CodeSchool-BeginnersGuideToWebDevelopment.pdf)
